the elephant's Duchess in gaya supposed
to be pretty sharp so their keepers have
been planning to give them something to
think about
they'd like an intellectual challenge
it's really rewarding to know you've got
a little bit effort in you see the
elephant's playing around India bashing
things you just generally having a good
time and probably most rewarding thing
about the whole job obviously it can't
be right all the time
no matter how strong you build something
you know they always manage to get that
little bit of extra strength from
somewhere very intelligent as well if
they don't get it right on the first day
you know they'll try and try again and
eventually it seems to break and damage
everything you give them bless them but
hey that's what being an elephant all
about this whole big and strong Richard
and student Catalina are off to collect
a few tires while Jim gets on with the
daily grind
the plan is to make a puzzle feeder and
tires make good toys for such large
animals as they're virtually
indestructible it's down to the
elephant's to work out that they'll only
get the grub if they throw the tire
around Richard looks after gay and Jim
is duchesses keeper there's obviously a
bit of favoritism Gayle suss it out I
mean it's all virtually the same with
everything we do and Duchess unless it's
obvious then you know she how's it going
and walked away and always lead up to
Gator sort have been a more intelligent
animal and not a chance
Stacey Duchess is the more intelligent
one because she doesn't bother to work
out these things she waits for gay to do
it and then just helps herself once guys
sussed it out so I mean surely that's
more intelligent I mean who's doing the
most work that's because she couldn't I
gotta know who's sitting out the tire
he's gay yeah okay and and who's behind
her waiting for grateful to get the food
out Duchess look as soon as the food
comes out lucky so take it off
you